Rise and shine!
What the hell?
It's after 8:00 and you are late!
Where are you?
My... God.
You have an intercom?
Doesn't everybody?
In the Smithsonian maybe.
Meet me in my office in ten minutes.
My house. my rules!
Just kill me now.
There she is. at last.
I don't know about you.
but most people take weekends off.
Well...
"most people"
are not on the New York Times
bestseller list.
Look at this place.
It's like a shrine...
dedicated to you.
Your desk is over there.
A TV tray?
So. what's with the tent
and chairs outside?
It's for the wedding.
A wedding?
Are you getting married... again?
Not my wedding. I'm hosting.
Cool.
So. where are the whiteboards?
- The what?
- The whiteboards?
We need somewhere to outline the story.
Or do you use index cards
and painter's tape?
'Cause I've got some in my bag.
Why do you have painter's tape
in your bag?
Because you write
the story beats on the cards.
and then you tape them to the windows.
Not to my windows.
Then how do you outline?
I don't.
I'm a Pantser. Seat of the pants.
I go where the story takes me.
You can't do that with True Crime.
True Crime has structure.
It's different from something
that you just pull out of your ass.
Okay.
Let's get one thing straight.
If this partnership is going to work.
you are going to have to ditch
the Gen Z superior attitude.
"Superior attitude"?
Your desk is literally on a pedestal.
It's not a pedestal. it's a design feature.
and we have wasted too much time.
You need to start writing.
Start writing what?
The Nash book. What else?
W-Where are you going?
To talk to the caterer.
The guests are coming at 11:00.
Jess!
I was reviewing the menu...
No.
don't you dare
make any changes on me now.
I just want to make sure
that there are no peanuts
in the sauce for the spring rolls.
- Yeah.
- The best man is allergic.
I know you don't like him.
but we have to be careful.
If you're throwing a wedding.
how are we supposed to get
any work done on our book?
First of all. you don't "throw" a wedding.
Second of all. I am working.
My wheels are always turning.
and third.
I'm the senior partner in this relationship.
I give the directions. you carry them out.
I need... to go talk to the florist.
Have a productive day.
Wait.
What just happened?
Welcome to my world.
Okay...
it looks like we're adding
caprese bites to our trays...
Whoa! God... I'm-I'm so sorry.
I didn't think anyone was in here.
It's okay. I just moved in.
You must be the groom.
Groomsman.
I thought we were changing in here.
but back up. you said you live here?
I am working with Allison Chandler.
Except that right now.
I am working.
and she's doing a wedding.
And what are you working on?
A book.
except the hag doesn't have a clue
how to write True Crime.
I didn't realize
she was working with a writing partner.
She is now.
Word is.
her publishers want to put
Selena St. Cloud
out of her misery.
Send the old girl out to pasture.
and put her down like a lame dog.
You can't say things like that here.
It's treason.
Don't get me wrong. sharing a byline
with a New York Times
best-selling author?
But she is just so supremely messed up
in so many ways.
I mean. a wedding?
When we have a deadline?
- Are you going?
- God. no.
weddings are nauseating.
and she didn't invite me.
Then I'm inviting you.
She clearly doesn't want me there.
That's why I think you should come.
That...
and I like you.
Why?
Because you called
Allison Chandler a hag.
Yeah.
Okay. I'll come.
I like you. too.
but I don't know your name.
Oliver. what are you doing here?
Just getting to know
your new writing partner.
You can do that later.
Okay. you're in your old room.
and you need to get changed.
Wait. your old room? You lived here?
Yeah. of course. he did. He's my son.
Your son?
Why didn't you tell me?
It was more fun this way.
And why is your friend getting married
at your mom's house?
Because her backyard
is bigger than Disneyland?
Todd and Oliver went to school together
from kindergarten all the way to college.
Can we go now. please?
I'll see you at the wedding.
What do you mean.
"I'll see you at the wedding?"
She's... She's not going to the wedding.
I am his date.
No. you're not his date.
She's not your date.
She's got work.
which she is going to do
without ruining my windows.
I think she's still coming to the wedding.
Well...
at least wear a bra.
We're way behind schedule.
Relax. Mom. It's gonna be fine.
Mrs. C!
Hey. look at all of you!
So grown-up!
Hey. Brandon...
You are looking very best man-ly.
And you're more ravishing than ever.
Ooh. someone started a little early
with the champagne.
Cooper...
Hey. have you found
someone special yet?
I did.
But she dumped me.
No...
Mom. please.
"Please" what?
Coop and I go way back.
to when you kids spent
the summers here during college.
I miss those days.
Todd.
I'm thrilled for you.
Thanks.
Willow and I are so grateful
for everything that you've done for us.
It's my pleasure.
Let's get you guys upstairs
so you can get ready.
Wait. the rings.
Can I take a teeny peek?
Please.
Look at that.
They're gorgeous.
Didn't you say we were in a hurry?
Sorry. yeah. I just got carried away.
Boy. Willow has got
some skinny little fingers?
Yeah. there we go. all good.
Got my workout for the day.
Okay. right on. there we go.
Okay. let's get you guys upstairs.
so you can change. okay?
Okay. you've gotta be downstairs
in half an hour.
Don't be late!
I got it. Thank you.
Thanks. Mom.
Ms. Chandler!
Willow!
- Hi!
- The beautiful bride!
You look radiant!
Congratulations on finishing med school.
Well. it took long enough.
Who's counting?
This is Dana. She's my maid of honor.
I remember Dana.
You were Willow's roommate
at Shaftesbury College.
Are you a doctor now. too?
God. no.
I hate science.
It was totally not for me.
I design jewelry now.
Wonderful.
Dana's so creative. she made something
for everyone in the bridal party.
including you.
I'm honored.
Thank you!
Wow!
Look at that. it's just somethin'.
I have matching earrings
if you want the complete look.
No. no... No...
No. no. this...
I mean. this is a stand-alone piece.
I can't thank you enough for all of this.
You better get changed.
We can talk later.
Thank you.
Come on.
Well. I'm glad to see
you dressed for the occasion.
Unfortunately. none of
my ironic t-shirts were clean.
Red isn't usually worn at weddings.
I don't usually do...
Jesus Christ. what the hell is that?
It's... special jewelry.
If you're Wilma Flintstone.
Did the astronauts bring that back to you
from the moon?
The maid of honor made it.
You do realize that there's people
taking photographs of you
with that boulder around your neck.
Thank you.
No. It broke.
What a shame.
It's fine.
I don't care if you guys
want to kill each other.
but just do it after my wedding.
As you wish. Groomzilla.
- This?
- Really?
Whatever. man. I really mean it.
Look. Brandon. how many times
do I have to tell you?
Don't be such a douchebag.
This is serious. okay?
Hey. man. lighten up.
Look. it's my wedding. so cut the shit.
That's not what this is about.
Let's not get into this right now.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
I always cry at weddings.
Because of all the alimony
you have to pay?
Shh!
You may be seated.
We are gathered here today
to join Willow and Todd
in holy matrimony.
Willow...
do you take Todd
to be your lawfully wedded husband?
I do.
And Todd.
do you take Willow
to be your lawfully wedded wife?
I do.
May I have the rings. please?
That's great. thank you.
These rings not only represent
the love that you share
between one another...
Dude. you all right?
But they also represent
the perfect circle of...
My God. is he okay?
Brandon. are you all right?
Get your rescue pen.
I have it here.
You okay?
Brandon?
- Is he all right?
- Hey. hey.
You're okay.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
- Brandon!
- My God.
Willow.
- Does anyone know CPR?
- I do!
Come on. Brandon.
Stay with me.
stay with me. stay with me.
Brandon!
He's gone.
I can't believe this is happening.
I'm sorry.
You okay?
Yeah.
Oliver. can I see you for a second?
Can I get a plastic bag for this?
I think Forensics will want to see it.
Why?
Look at the casing.
someone's messed with it.
It looks like a pinhole that's been sealed.
Smell this.
Why?
Just stop being difficult and smell it!
Peanuts?
Didn't you say that Brandon
had a peanut allergy?
That's why he had
the rescue pen. Captain Obvious.
What if
someone took Brandon's rescue pen.
and switched it for a doctored one?
All you would need are the proteins
to trigger anaphylaxis.
If you're right...
Brandon was murdered.
I think I'm right.
We should tell the police.
Hello. everyone. listen up. please.
I am Detective Kerrigan.
I know this has been hard on everyone.
however. this is now a crime scene.
and you are all witnesses.
so we're going to
have to interview all of you.
I'm going to ask for your patience.
With all of that. in the meantime.
I sure that Ms. Chandler can make sure
that you're all very well taken care of.
The bar's that way.
I don't think we've met.
I'm Oliver Shore. Allison Chandler's son.
and also her attorney.
Detective Jack Kerrigan.
Nice to meet you.
Since you're taking statements.
I thought I'd volunteer to be first.
Yeah.
Follow me.
The groom didn't look too happy
with the best man.
Did you see them all arguing
before the ceremony?
I have known these kids for years.
How could one of them be a murderer?
I say we find out.
Okay. but these are my guests.
so I do the talking.
I thought you two might need
a little something to eat.
After all that.
I'm not hungry.
This one's gluten-free.
I guess I'll have one.
So I was thinking...
It's been a tough day.
but I did kinda see you
dis Brandon earlier
when he tried to give you a high-five.
I'm sorry that my new writing partner
is so rude.
No. it's fine.
I mean. yeah. I was
a little pissed off at Brandon.
He was acting like a clown.
but. you know. the truth is. I owe him.
You "owe" him. how?
He was the genius behind Snake Fly.
That's the software company
that Cooper and Todd built with Brandon.
- No. he was...
- Right. yeah.
I've heard of Snake Fly.
You guys created AI
that writes its own self-evolving code.
You're a total disruptor.
I mean. we're actually supposed to get
our first big round of funding on Monday.
Well. that's awesome.
Now that Brandon's gone.
who gets his share of the profit?
Cooper and I. we'll just split it. I guess?
Well. I'm sure that dough
will come in handy.
now that the two of you
are starting your life together.
What's that supposed to mean?
You just finished med school.
right? So...
I'm guessing you've got
a shit-ton of student loans.
Well. I'd be lying if I said it wouldn't help.
Is there any more bruschetta?
I'm starving.
and I heard the caterer
might get arrested.
Where did you hear that?
Got a text from Dana.
She said she saw the police
take her somewhere
for questioning.
I'll go check on that bruschetta.
I'm standing outside the stately home
of best-selling author Allison Chandler.
where the temperature is a mild 75.
but the forecast is murder.
Hey!
Get off of my lawn!
Who is that?
Connie Newsome.
the weather slut from Channel 49.
She bugs the crap outta me!
Out to get me
since the day she got here.
I've had enough!
What the hell?
Wrap it up!
Jeez!
You're crazy!
Let's go!
This is your vehicle.
How do you explain it?
I... I don't know what to tell you.
I did a job last week
and I used peanut oil
in the chicken satay.
and then I put the bottle in my truck.
Is that a crime?
Did you know the deceased?
My daughter. Laura.
went to college with him.
How well did she know the deceased?
Well enough to fall for him
and get herself involved
in a cheating scandal.
And you blamed Brandon Hayes?
You're damn right I did.
She never went back to school after.
Hey.
How's it going. Sherlock?
Thought I'd let the cops take the field.
Give them a chance to catch up.
- Ooh!
- Whoa!
You okay?
Speaking of. Nice catch.
I did play sports in Junior High.
Dammit!
These are my only heels.
I hope your mom doesn't have me
thrown in the dungeon
for not wearing shoes.
She only does that on Christmas.
Okay.
I'm going to have one of my officers
take a full statement from you.
Am I in trouble?
We just want to ask you
a few more questions.
I'm so sorry about this. Jess.
No. there's nothing to be sorry about.
He is just doing his job.
I can walk on my own.
I'm not a criminal.
Jessica is not the killer.
We've known each other for 25 years.
You two have known
each other for 25 years?
- Yeah.
- That's a valid defense.
No. wait. it's not.
and by the way.
that's the same thing you said
about Lee Granway.
Yeah... and I was right
about Lee. remember?
If you're right this time.
it'll be a short interview.
Hey. tell me something.
are there always so many murders
in Founders Cove?
Don't try to change the subject.
I've got a house full
of hungry guests. okay?
I need my caterer to foam my figs.
I was gonna come find you
after what happened happened.
but there was just so much going on.
I've been a real shit date. haven't I?
Are you for real?
I'm at a wedding with a murder.
But I know that Brandon was your friend.
so you must be having a tough time.
He was more of a frenemy than a friend.
but he didn't deserve this.
It's fine.
I'm fine.
You don't... You don't have to play
the emotionally-suppressed male
with me.
If you want to let it out.
let it out. feel the feels.
I'm more of a "forgo the feels"
kind of person.
Like hag. like son.
Did I mention that I'm really sorry
for calling your mother a hag?
You don't have to apologize.
It was pretty funny.
What I'm trying to say is.
I'm here if you want to talk.
I appreciate that.
I'm so sorry about all this.
The police are doing their best
to find out what happened.
Let me top that off for you.
There you go.
Where have you been?
Just chatting with some of the guests.
What happened to your shoes?
The bottom of the heel came off.
so I can't wear them.
It's not like I did it on purpose.
I'll take that.
This whole day has been a nightmare.
Great. and look.
look at where that branch came down.
The gardeners were supposed
to trim those trees this week.
Everything has completely
gone to shit around here.
I know that this is hard for you to hear.
but not everything has to be perfect.
even at an Allison Chandler wedding.
"Perfect" has been
in the rear-view mirror
since the best man dropped dead.
and now there's a killer on the loose.
at my house.
but it's the irony that gets me.
Here I am. the Queen of Romance.
and I'm hosting a beautiful wedding.
and what happens?
Someone dies.
It's a cosmic metaphor for my love life.
Maybe because no one can live up
to your misguided ideals
of what romance is about?
Let's talk about you instead.
I hate weddings.
Why?
It may have to do with the toxic patterns
inherent in the classic love story.
Please. don't hide behind
that Gen Z bullshit.
You hate weddings
because they bring up issues
you don't want to think about.
Please. enlighten me.
First of all.
your mom and dad promised
to love each other forever.
and they let you down.
and worse. your mom disappeared.
It can't be easy.
I remember one time.
I wanted to play dress up.
As what. a construction worker?
Don't interrupt.
I went to the attic.
and I found my mom's wedding dress.
and she let me try it on.
on one condition...
that I promised
I wouldn't grow up too fast.
I never thought I'd have to grow up...
without her.
Hey. listen to me.
No matter what you think.
I know she really loves you.
Why?
I mean. because you can "read" people?
Because I'm a mother.
I think I need another drink.
Okay. whoa. whoa. whoa.
before you get totally shit-faced.
take a look over there.
Cooper and Todd?
No. the cufflinks. Can you see 'em?
The ones that look like moon rocks?
Yeah. Dana must've made them.
but they weren't there with the tuxes
when I set them out.
so she must have given them to them
after they got here.
So maybe she knows something
about what went on
before the ceremony?
You twist the wire in and out.
and then we'll trim the ends.
Then...
All done.
You got time for one more customer?
Honey. I've been there.
It's why they call me DIY Dana.
Why aren't you wearing your pendant?
Well. with all that's happened today.
I put it in my safe...
to keep it safe...
in my safe.
So no worries.
it's safe.
You can never be too careful.
Okay. let's see...
So. Dana. those cufflinks
that you gave the groomsmen
are incredible.
Thanks.
But you know what.
I didn't notice them
when I hung up the tuxes.
That's because I gave them to the guys
right before the ceremony.
And what was the mood like.
when you saw them?
Intense.
The guys always argued.
but this was nasty.
- I only have the gold left.
- That's fine.
Do you know what
they were arguing about?
I wasn't really listening.
Todd and Brandon
always argued about business.
but Cooper was upset this time.
He never gets upset.
Okay. there you go.
All it needed was a little TLC.
Like Cinderella.
FYI.
Cinderella is a perfect example
of a toxic narrative
that romanticizes survival
under an oppressive patriarchy.
You must be a laugh riot
at children's parties.
Thank you.
Hey. you fixed your shoe.
Dana can fix anything.
- You let in a fly.
- I let it in?
Todd Stratton.
could I have a word with you
in private. please?
Anything you have to say.
you can say in front of my friends.
Okay.
we are hearing
from some people in the bachelor party
that you and Brandon Hayes
had an altercation last night.
Do you mind telling me
what that was about?
Brandon needed attention all the time.
I mean. he couldn't stand it
when I brought in an investor.
so he had to bring in one of his own.
which was ridiculous.
- That's it?
- That's it.
'Cause I heard
there was more to the story.
- Like what?
- Like for example.
Todd's investor was offering him
a 5% finder's fee.
when Brandon nixed the deal.
you threatened to kill him.
Combined with the fact
that Brandon was reducing
your ownership in the company
to 15%.
and you and your wife...
your wife-to-be...
had serious student debt.
It looks to me like
you had some good reasons
to want Brandon Hayes
out of the picture...
- Give me that!
- Did you get it?
Yeah. proceed.
You were saying?
Is that true?
After all the work you've done.
you're only getting 15%?
You know Brandon
created the algorithm.
He called the shots.
Look. I know that you're worried
about your student loans.
I'm not a gold digger.
Okay. I don't think that
I called you a gold digger...
That's the problem. Todd...
you just don't think.
Worst day of my life.
Willow. wait...
Hey. give her some space.
Are we done here?
Yeah. just one more question.
Besides you and Brandon Hayes.
did anyone else
have access to the rings?
- No. Why?
- Because the lab
has identified the same protein
on the rings
that was in the dose that killed him.
Okay. this interview's over.
- Doesn't really concern you.
- It does now.
- How's that?
- I'm Todd's attorney.
- Since when?
- Since right now.
so unless you have a warrant.
a subpoena.
or probable cause to detain my client.
he's invoking his Fifth Amendment right.
Okay.
We'll be in touch.
Okay. I need some air.
I thought I'd better check up on you.
I'm fine.
Todd Stratton.
I've known you since you were five.
You're not fine.
You have that same guilty
expression on your face
when you peed on my sofa
and didn't want to tell me...
so what are you not telling me now?
Look. I don't want to go
pointing the finger
at anybody else.
You know. things between
Cooper and Brandon.
they were... Well. they were bad.
How bad?
Well. I mean. there were these rumors
that someone had helped Brandon
with the underlying algorithm
for Snake Fly.
and if that were true.
then that person would be entitled
to a big chunk of the profits.
Well. why didn't Cooper just
hire a lawyer and sue him?
I mean. hell if I know. but...
Do you remember
when you had asked Cooper
if he had found someone special.
and he said that he had.
but she dumped him?
Brandon and Cooper's girlfriend?
Hooked up.
Broke Cooper's heart.
Hey.
You were pretty impressive.
standing up for your friend.
Thanks.
I wish there was more I could do.
but now we wait.
Yup.
But as long as
we're handing out compliments.
I really dig that you stand up to my mom.
You mean
no one talks to the great
Allison Chandler like that?
No. but on some level.
I think she respects you for it.
I know I do.
You know...
I thought you were really nerdy
when I first met you...
but I was wrong.
See. I wasn't sure
what I thought when I met you.
Except that you were... hot.
and. my mother would never approve if...
If what?
I dunno.
God. it's been a rough day.
Really rough...
Okay. attention. everyone.
We are going to serve the main course.
Yes. it's an hour early.
but Jessica isn't here to call the shots.
and Martha Stewart
doesn't have a chapter
about what to do
when the best man is murdered.
so keep calm and start plating.
Hey. you busy?
- Yes!
- Good.
you need to convince Oliver
to let me talk to Todd.
So you can grill Todd
like you grilled Jessica.
and then throw him in the slammer?
No. thank you.
There's no... there's no grilling. okay?
Look. Jessica finished her interview.
I want to rule Todd out.
and in order to do that.
I need to talk to him.
If you're starting to clear people.
that must mean
you have a new prime suspect.
I'm hearing from some of the guests
that Cooper Ruiz was upset
about the lack of guardrails
on the AI that ran their software.
went ballistic when Brandon
wouldn't listen to him.
and threatened to report him to the SEC.
Okay. I hate to say this.
but there is a rumor
that Cooper helped Brandon
develop the algorithm for Snake Fly.
Okay...
Dana said she saw Cooper
arguing with Brandon
when she was in the groom's room...
Wait. Jack.
there may be evidence up there.
No. my team already searched up there.
No one knows this place like I do.
Come on.
So. how was the weekend
with your daughter?
My daught... how did you know
I was with my daughter?
Well. it's the socks.
What?
You didn't pick them out for yourself.
Now. that could mean there's a girlfriend.
but I don't think there's a girlfriend.
because you need a haircut...
What's wrong with my...
and those shoes are hideous.
but the real give-away
is that you're wearing a wristband
for the student short film festival.
and nobody would bring a date to that.
Nothing longer than a short film.
Oliver!
What have you done?
I think you know what we've done. Mom!
It's not what it looks like.
It's exactly what it looks like!
What were you thinking?
I think you know what we were thinking!
- God!
- Good one.
I'm having a stroke.
Hey. I have an idea.
Why don't your mother and I
wait in the hall.
and you two have a moment.
Thank you. Great idea.
No. no. no. no. no.
We have a job to do.
We came to look for evidence.
we are going to look for evidence.
Okay. I...
I'm sure it can wait a few minutes?
Boy.
Okay. no. there's nothing under there.
Maybe behind the pillows.
Excuse me!
No. nothing there.
Why would it be behind the pillows?
Why don't you start
looking in the pants pockets.
and I will go through the luggage.
Probably not going to look
in the pants pockets
right now...
And by the way.
your breath reeks of alcohol.
You might want to do something
about that.
I can't believe this!
Are you finding a lot of evidence?
I got it!
Mouthwash.
Good. Use it.
This is the liquid
that was in Brandon's rescue pen.
It's peanuts. Smells like peanuts.
Where'd you... Where'd you find this?
In here.
Cooper Ruiz.
Looks like I have a client
for real this time.
Well. like they say
when you pass the bar.
zip up your pants. Counselor.
and let's get to work.
Not you.
But...
This is serious.
You have anything to say for yourself?
At least I wore a bra.
Look. I swear. I didn't kill Brandon.
I've never even seen that bottle before.
Then what was it doing in your kit?
You don't have to answer that.
I'd like to hear the answer!
What is that?
It's the intercom.
She used it to spy on me
when I was a kid.
Hey. Mom. this is
a confidential conversation.
I'm just trying to help!
Thank you. We don't need your help.
Go on.
We're hearing from the bachelor party
that you were pretty upset
when you found out Brandon
was reducing your share
of the company by 15%.
but that you were. quote. "really upset
when Brandon would not
delay the roll-out
because of your security concerns."
Brandon was being irresponsible.
If we launch
a self-evolving coding module
we would essentially
be allowing code to write code.
There's nothing we could do about it.
You seem pretty upset. Mr. Ruiz.
Yes. I was upset.
but we were still friends.
Even after
he slept with your girlfriend?
- For God's sake. Mom!
- How does she know that?
Holy...
That might be a crime.
Look. Cooper.
things would be a lot easier
if you just told us
where you hid the rescue pen
you traded out for the murder weapon.
Cooper is asserting
his Fifth Amendment right
not to answer any more questions.
I don't blame him.
Well. that was fun.
I'm so sorry about this. Jessica.
It was no big deal.
and that new. new
detective is kind of sexy.
I hadn't noticed.
He was really obsessed
about whether I was in Oliver's room
before the ceremony.
You were in the kitchen the whole time.
How could you be upstairs?
Well. I did take a tray
of sandwiches up to the guys...
You were upstairs in Oliver's room.
before the ceremony?
So?
So...
What?
It means you had the opportunity
to switch the allergy pens.
and there was peanut oil on your truck.
and with what happened to Laura.
you had motive.
you had means. and you had...
What the... hell?
Okay. would you just
get a hold of yourself?
This is not one of your books.
We are not all suspects.
especially someone that
you have known for 25 years!
I'm... so. so sorry.
You should be.
Bring it in.
I gotta go flambé something.
Sorry.
Yeah.
We really need to talk.
No. no.
I don't think it's a good idea
for either one of us to say
one word to each other.
We work together.
We're going to have to
clear the air sooner or later.
Okay. fine.
I give you the biggest chance
of your lifetime.
and this is the thanks that I get?
You do the no-pants-dance with my son?
It just happened. okay?
See. you don't fool me.
You're trying to mess
with the whole power dynamic
between the two of us.
I know exactly what you're doing.
No! All I wanted to do
was make index cards
and write an outline.
You're the one on the power trip.
You're the one that
put your desk on a pedestal.
I told you. it was a design feature.
and if you think that the spell
that you have cast over my son...
- The spell I cast on your son?
- Gives you some kind
of an upper hand. you're dead wrong!
Am I some kind of
sorceress with a magic hoo-ha?
Well. you said it. I didn't!
Listen to me. crazy lady.
What happened between me
and Oliver is what it is.
It's nothing more and it's nothing less.
I know all about your generation
and your casual sex.
"It's a boo thang."
Okay. technically...
Is that what you're trying to say?
I'd call it more of a "situations hip."
but the point is. it's not a big deal.
You wouldn't say that
if you were a mother.
Yes. I would.
because sex is just sex.
it's something that people do.
That's what your generation
wants to believe.
but it's not true. you're wrong.
People have feelings. they get hurt.
I don't want to see my son
getting hurt by anyone.
including you.
Oliver can do what he wants.
He's not a child anymore.
You don't know what it's like
to be a mother.
You feel everything.
you know everything about your kid.
I even knew where
he used to hide his weed!
In a hole in an old tree.
down in the grove.
He and his friends used to
hang out there all the time.
Do you mean the grove
where the tree branch came down?
Yeah. that's the one.
And did Oliver's friends know
about the secret hiding place?
Yeah. but they didn't know I knew.
Willow would get stoned out of her mind.
now she's a doctor.
so God help us all.
I tried to bring her a tea a little while ago
and she just still
doesn't want to talk to anybody.
If I was one of Oliver's friends.
and I had something
that I wanted to hide.
I could climb that tree. stash it in there.
come back for it later.
bring it home with me.
and the police would never know
anything about it.
What...
And you just said
you hadn't seen Willow for hours.
Look at the footprints
on the ground. they're still w...
Where?
You just walked
right through them. Never mind.
Okay. we're going to need these.
It's up there.
Okay. here we go.
All righty.
Please tell me what's happening.
Stretching exercises.
All right.
Give me a boost.
- A boost?
- Yeah.
Just get really close
to the tree. and squat down.
and make a platform with your hands.
Hard pass.
Why are you being so difficult?
First of all. gravity.
Second of all.
gravity.
This is a bad idea!
Okay. just do it.
Okay...
Help. Okay.
Could you please...
My God!
Okay.
Nothing yet. hold on.
Why couldn't Oliver
hide his weed in his bedroom
like a normal teenager?
After what you did in my son's bedroom.
I bet you know
where all the hiding places are.
Please never say that again.
I got something.
- I got it.
- Perfect.
What is this. a pipe?
It's a weed pipe.
Keep... looking.
My knees are starting to go...
Don't be such a baby.
It's Brandon's rescue pen!
My heel!
I'm gonna...
Dammit...
Are you okay?
Yeah.
- Okay.
- My heel tip. again!
Okay. well. find it. and let's go.
That's weird. There's two of them.
It's also gold.
Identical to the one Dana gave you.
The jewelry kit...
Dana had all the tools she needed
to drill a tiny hole.
replace the epinephrine
with a peanut solution.
fill the hole. and then sand it down.
And she told us
that Cooper had a fight with Brandon
to mislead us.
So if the heel tip is missing
on Dana's shoe.
or if it's been replaced...
- Okay. that's good. thank you.
- Hey. Jack...
Do I dare ask?
We found Brandon's rescue pen.
And you're gonna need these.
What are those?
Take a look over there.
Dana's heels don't match.
Thanks. I made it myself.
So?
So Dana was in the changing room
with the groomsmen.
which gave her an opportunity
to switch out the rescue pens
and plant the mouthwash
in Cooper's stuff.
Dana Collins?
Why would she want to kill
Brandon Hayes?
She said she hated science.
but the truth is. she hated Brandon.
and you don't hate like that
unless you've loved first.
and he dumped her
for Cooper's girlfriend.
Dana Collins.
you need to come with me and
answer a few questions. please.
I'm not sorry for what I did.
Don't say anything
until I read you your rights.
I don't care.
Brandon cheated me out of everything.
So you were the one
the rumors were about.
You helped Brandon with Snake Fly.
I was staying at his place one night.
and I couldn't sleep.
so I took another look at the algorithm.
Brandon was having trouble
debugging it.
and so...
so I fixed it!
And now Snake Fly
is about to get its first round of financing.
but did Brandon ever thank me?
Or pay me for what I did?
He dumped me instead.
and I couldn't prove what I'd done.
so...
so I got as far away as I could.
from all of it.
You should have told us.
As if you'd believe me over him?
At least the son of a bitch
got what he deserved!
You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say
can and will be held against you
in a court of law.
You have a right to an attorney...
Another "situations hip" gone wrong.
It never ends well.
Do you have a minute?
Yeah. Any news?
Well...
headline is that your...
your maid of honor
murdered the best man.
I know.
I'm still in shock.
We all are. but Todd's a good guy.
I mean. he's not perfect.
but nobody's perfect.
but if you love someone.
you forgive them.
and they forgive you.
and you live happily ever after.
more or less.
except if you get divorced.
a few times.
Just trust me.
I wish I had done more forgiving.
I think you should. too.
We lost our friend. Brandon. today.
and though we grieve.
life and love go on.
and so.
you've pledged your love
and commitment
before God and these witnesses.
You exchanged your vows and rings
as a symbol of your sacred...
Are we good?
We're good.
May your marriage be blessed
with kindness and compassion.
with understanding and forgiveness.
and enduring love...
I need a favor.
Go.
Can you run a check on a person
who disappeared 15 years ago?
Like it did today...
Get me a name. I'll see
what I can find out.
Thank you.
By the power vested in me.
I now pronounce you husband and wife.
You may now kill the bride.
Nope.
Kiss! Not kill.
- You may now kiss the bride.
- Better.
- All right.
- Best. Wedding. Ever!